hey guys so we press here and welcome to
today's video in this video we're gonna
be talking about if Google Ads is a good
investment for small businesses now to
get started let's go ahead and get it
from the source themself Google and
let's look at their economic impact
report from 2018 so by the way if you
want to go ahead and look at this report
it's going to be in the description box
down below I'll link to it so you can go
and check this out
but according to Google themself nearly
4 X is the returns businesses are
receiving within a year using
advertising digital advertising so I'll
read it for them they said small
businesses that use advanced digital
tools such as online advertising and
data analytics experience revenue growth
in the previous year that was nearly
four times higher than les digitally
advanced businesses so that's huge
potential I mean think about what Forex
returns are I think that's also it could
be a little promising you know that
you're gonna definitely go through a
learning period at first but overall
utilizing digital advertising I mean the
opportunities are limitless just to give
you an idea of some of the things you
can do with Google advertising you can
do location targeting small business
right you only want to service your
local market well guess what with Google
ads you can make sure you're only
showing ads to people who are within 10
miles of your business 20 miles your
business whatever you want to be it
could be one mile I mean you can get
really crazy with it you can target
based on time of day so you can show ads
to people based on certain hours of the
day so if you're only open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m. guess what your ads will only
show from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. just gotta go
ahead and set that up you can also
target people based on income if they're
you know top 20% bottom 30% whatever it
is you can target based on income you
can target based on how they've behaved
so if they've gone to your website and
then they left you can bring them back
with retargeting so the opportunities
truly are limitless you can also target
by language so maybe you don't serve as
customers in English you do Spanish you
can target Spanish I mean it's literally
limitless the opportunities you can do
and it's awesome and it's everything is
controllable there's tracking in place
you know what you spend and you know
what you get out of it so it's very
transparent there's no you know I hope
by the end of the month it works out its
you'll know really by the first week
what's going on and then from there it
is a continuous process and you're
making your kam
better and better and better so now that
I hopefully have sold you on Google Ads
I want to go ahead and show you how you
can get started so - first and foremost
you have to sign up for a Google Ads
account that is the main thing you have
to sign up for Google Ads account it's
absolutely free though so don't be
afraid go ahead and sign up it's
absolutely free but before you go ahead
and sign up I want you to take advantage
of this go go to google and search
Google Ads coupon and then you'll see
here at Google Ads coupon code just
click on that and this is a 100 dollar
coupon you get from Google so there you
go save some money already right off the
bat so go ahead and take take Google up
on this free offer when you sign up for
an account it doesn't cost you anything
they'll send you the coupon to your
email awesome so the next thing I want
to talk about is the Google Keyword
planner tool the Google Keyword planner
tool is an absolutely free tool that
Google provides and it allows you to
research different keywords so you get
an understanding on what you can expect
to pay per click it's just an estimate
and you never really know fully what
you're gonna pay until you actually
launch your campaigns and then you get
the real feedback the real data and then
you can see what your true cost per
click is but the Google Keyword planner
tool is an amazing way to just get
started and see whether or not Google is
something that you'd like to to try out
and to get into so go ahead and hop into
your Google Ads account that you just
signed up for and we're going to go
click on tools and then from tools we're
gonna click on keyword planner and then
this is where we're gonna be able to do
all our searching so with the Google
Keyword planner tool we're gonna really
be able to to find out whether or not
this is something that we can even have
the cash flow to support to get started
so just go ahead and click find new
keywords and now search one of your
services that you offer so the example I
love to always go to is DJ services so
I'm going to search that so you search
DJ service and then now it's gonna go
ahead and pull up different estimates
based on your targeting so let's go
ahead and adjust our targeting first so
if you look here it says all locations
I'm gonna change the language to English
and then you can also change it based on
networks so Google meaning Google itself
and then Google and search partners are
Google and then other affiliated search
engines that partner with Google so
we'll just leave it at Google and now
I'm going to search DJ service again
and now get a better understanding of
different cost per clicks so for example
DJ service on average monthly searches
one to ten thousand people so also if
you're thinking of launching a product
or if you're just thinking on whether or
not there's a demand for something that
you're thinking of offering this is a
great way to validate your idea you can
come into the keyword planner tool and
see if people are already searching for
your solution so basically according to
this thousand to ten thousand monthly
searches and the top of the page bid so
to be on the top of the page is four
dollars and thirty-five cents so that
gives me an understanding right there
that am I willing to pay Google four
dollars and thirty-five cents per click
can that be profitable for me so some
things to take into consideration is
when you're in lead generation is of all
the leads you receive what percentage of
them do you close and factoring that in
so for example usually I would say a
kind of best practice is you should get
at least a hundred clicks a month to
really get enough data so I can just
take four dollars and 35 cents multiply
that by 100 and I know I need at least
four hundred and thirty-five dollars to
advertise on Google for the month that's
a very easy way to go about doing it you
can definitely do a more advanced way
about calculating your budget for
example taking in your marketing
conversion rate what your target market
conversion rate would is your sales
closing rate so you can get very
specific with it for example if you have
a ten percent marking conversion rate
and ten percent closed rate well then
that means you need 100 clicks to get
ten leads and then of those 10 leads
you'll close one lead into a sale so
then you know your true cost per you
know your trial cost per acquisition is
that cost after everything is said and
done after factoring those different
variables that's you can get a lot more
advanced than that but that's just to
give you an understanding but the most
basic to not complicate this is just
come to the Google Keyword planner tool
search a keyword that you're thinking of
bidding on that you're thinking of
advertising on and then from there come
look at the top of page bid high range
the estimate here I really never really
like to go by the low range usually I
find that the high range is
usually low so sometimes the high range
can be too high or too low but most of
the time from my experience I've noticed
that the bids are usually a little bit
higher than this so comment look at this
column right here and then get an
understanding on if this is something
you can afford if it's something that
you're looking at and then factoring
your profit margins and all that good
stuff so that's gonna be it for this
video if you got some value from this
please go ahead and make sure to
subscribe and follow along to the
channel I create content every week and
something I just want to close on is I
work with clients every day doing Google
Ads for lead generation that's basically
all I do and I can tell you from my own
personal experience working with these
different businesses that Google Ads
Google Ads Google Ads has become
something that is absolutely a godsend
for a lot of these businesses that I
work with it's something that's really
allowed them to get a predictable stream
of customers every month to their
business and allow them a lot more
predictability and consistency I will
say though that with Google ads just
like anything else in life there are no
magic pills no magic solutions it takes
work it takes effort if this is
something you want to do yourself I you
know I welcome you to subscribe to the
channel and follow along and watch my
other videos I definitely a lot more
Google Ads tutorials coming out but make
sure you're educated make sure you do
your research and follow best practices
and things like that so you can avoid
doing costly mistakes and if this is
something that you just don't have the
time or the investment to be able to
learn yourself because you're focusing
on servicing customers then I do
recommend that you hire a professional
that knows how to do this for you
because Google Ads can be and really not
just Google ads any any advertising
platform can be a double-edged sword
where it can be really good but it also
can be really bad if you don't know what
you're doing so just make sure you're
educated and approach it with the best
practices in mind so that is it for this
video thanks so much for watching
take care
[Music]